Fix check if opam is already installed (#102)
tarides/ocaml-platform-installer: README.md

This set-up goes through several steps, some of which have to be redone for every new project. The `ocaml-platform` binary, automates and speeds those steps. However, you still need first to install the few dependencies of the OCaml environment, such as a C compiler (such as `gcc`) and other system tools: `bzip2`, `make`, `bubblewrap`, `patch`, `curl` and `unzip`. In most architecture, you can install them using your package manager, for example on Ubuntu or Debian:

``` sh

> sudo apt install bzip2 make gcc bubblewrap rsync patch curl unzip sudo

Reviewer: The line start in `sudo`, I think this is covered.

Author: Right.

sudo apt install bzip2 make gcc bubblewrap rsync patch curl unzip
```

> You can now run the installer script (your user needs to have `sudo` rights):

Reviewer: "your user" is weird. Why not say it calls sudo:
```suggestion
You can now run the installer script (which will call `sudo` for the final installation step):
```
